1. What is container class in Bootstrap? When do we use container-fluid class?
    Containers are a fundamental building block of Bootstrap that contain, pad, and align your content within a given device or viewport. Set viewportaccording to the width of the device.

    Use .container-fluid for a full width container, spanning the entire width of the viewport.

2. What is CDN?  What are the advantages of CDN Urls?
    It stands for Content delivery network,A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of servers spread out over a region or around the world that work together to speed up content delivery on the web. The servers in a CDN temporarily store (or cache) webpage content like images, HTML, JavaScript, and video. They send the cached content to users who load the webpage. Today, almost all websites and applications rely on a CDN to help serve content to their users.
    
    Advantages:

    Performance
    Faster performance. Websites that start using a CDN have seen 50% reductions in load times, or even more in some cases.

    Reliability
    A CDN enables web applications to provide uninterrupted service to users even in the face of these problems.

    Cost savings
    The main way that CDNs cut down on expenditure for website operators is by reducing trips to and from the origin server.

    Resilience against attack
    CDNs are especially well-suited to defending websites from denial-of-service (DoS) and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks. In these attacks, an attacker directs vast quantities of junk network traffic at a website to try to overwhelm and crash the website. With their many servers, CDNs are better able to absorb large amounts of traffic, even unnatural traffic spikes from a DDoS attack, than a single origin server.

3. Create a web page for the following requirements and apply the styles using LESS concepts

    a.   All hyperlinks are in black color without underline.  
    On mouseover :  underline, apply bold font

    b.   Create some mixin functions to apply styles to images based on the given input value.  Eg :  Circle, Square

    c.   Define some common styles for headings and paragraphs in separate LESS file and import main LESS file. 

    d.  Create a class to define basic styles for buttons.  Create additional class named "fancybutton"  and apply styles as per the image.  

